[readme] added the special build instruction for forked repo developer. (#3615)
canonical/multipass: README.md

cmake ../
make
```

> For those working on a forked repository. If you forked with the "Copy the main branch only" option, then the repository will not include the necessary git tags to determine the Multipass version during CMake configuration. Therefore, you need to manually fetch the tags from the upstream by running ```git fetch --tags https://github.com/canonical/multipass.git``` in the ```<multipass>``` source code directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** if you're working on a forked repository that you created using the "Copy the main branch only" option, the repository will not include the necessary git tags to determine the Multipass version during CMake configuration. In this case, you need to manually fetch the tags from the upstream by running `git fetch --tags https://github.com/canonical/multipass.git` in the `<multipass>` source code directory. 
```

Reviewer: Hi @georgeliao , just a minor tweak to highlight the note.
